We here in this little bar have that
football game and teaching khan and the
people here are having fun or
resting and we go now look there
the cute little horses and we go
now fall tire I do not know
How is it, but I'm going to film for you?
It's very beautiful here, it's worth checking.
I'm not earning anything to do.
advertising but I wanna show
You, life is so simple that
just have the attitude is to have a little
courage to decide to go out and enjoy the
life because retired life if you do not
Do something, your life will stay.
very boring so we're going here now
left out show here okay I think
here is the exit
we'll get a little tire what goes
destination below
So people took my life and look what
Delight but I'll have to leave the machine
which is sliding sliding is very
good people enjoy and do it, people we
Let's go down on this float.
I 'm scared to death here.
I do not know if you can take the camcorder.
machine but we 'll try, I hope
Do not mole me, do not ruin my movies.
I need tânia am and boring tânia embu por
all this in the adin blog is because the
real life
I'm scared to death I'm filming
I promoted the dindinha snow with fear of
wet the machine but it's very good people
It's worth it here today, go to the trinket
spinning
oh, people are very good, life is worth it
I'll show you a little bit later.
There's only people in front of me here.
all wet without makeup
then I'll show you here to kill me
I will come, I would like to show
Help me, how's a photo of you?
then I will keep where the ignorant is of the
Omi mom's calling me ignorant I
I'm going to hit her
I can not, I can not make it on my own.
It's so small, you can live on the floor and
not from the foot
already my sister who smacked a picture of me
and she is there
Until then , I will not beat the rating.
from the tabatinga that I hit your face I
I'm filming then filming
in a nutshell and lets people play
going to play more profiles season thinks power
everything beats someone, I do not know who I do not know
Where I'm not even thinking so we walk
around for this float stream there to
food court and here we go
look cool dragon but we passed by
down the dragon and now we go there and
I do not know where you have one that has a car.
there are people who have cowboys up where
Oh my sister who hit a photo on the
horse will be hot
I'm filming that 's where I'm going.
I'm going to hit the other side and I'll finish the job.
movie and I'm going to hit the other end